northern Australia has the highest tides
in the tropics which expose vast areas
of shoreline and here lives a truly
extraordinary species of octopus
[Music]
octopuses are marine animals they live
and breathe underwater at low tide most
octopuses will be imprisoned in their
rocky booze
[Music]
but this is no ordinary octopus
[Applause]
[Music]
it's the only one especially adapted to
walk on land it pulls itself along using
the hundreds of tiny suckers that line
it arms
[Music]
hunting for crabs with walks from pool
to pool
[Music]
a potful rather startled fish this one
is empty
so the octopus moves on a rock fool may
seem like a safe refuge but the octopus
is suckers enable it to move just as
stealthily in water as out of it
[Music]
nowhere is safe when this octopus is
around
you